Add folder of documentation to be pushed to our Documentation Platform (#1137)
ProjectOpenSea/opensea-js: developerDocs/quick-start.md

---
title: Quick Start Guide
category: 64cbb5277b5f3c0065d96616
slug: opensea-sdk-quick-start
parentDocSlug: opensea-sdk
order: 0
hidden: false
---

# Installation

> Switching to Node.js version 16 is required for SDK Version 3.0+ and to make sure common crypto dependencies work. Execute `nvm use`, if you have Node Version Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js version 16 is the minimum required for the SDK. Execute `nvm use`, if you have Node Version Manager.
```
